Enhance local development documentation (#2162)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-ibmcloud: docs/book/src/user/troubleshooting.md

    ```
   ssh -J root@<public_ip> root@<dhcp_ip>
   ```

> ### 3. Failed to apply the create infra template with release not found error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Failed to apply the cluster template with release not found error
```

How about making the description more generic in terms of solution for replacing flavour with --from and an example can be shared accordingly.

In addition to adding to the guide, it would be better to also keep the note as is, as mentioned in - https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-ibmcloud/pull/2162#discussion_r1940575717

Author: Made changes as requested. PTAL!

Reviewer: It would be good to keep a note here also as added in the beginning
https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-ibmcloud/pull/2162/files#diff-549c15df80e529170f320aab6f214d701318bd9db30aae94707e9e02e5a70b07R100

Author: Updated, 
Please check!
